https://www.dailykos.com/users/texastwister
https://www.dailykos.com/users/calpoolidge
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hoghead99
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimbobinms
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arthur byron cover
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sweetthesound
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kertu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pupmom in tx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lucky7doc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/onepingonly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/readysteadygo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tweedledee5
https://www.dailykos.com/users/markta1b2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blooc17
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fiore
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fakepresident
https://www.dailykos.com/users/newreign
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thebumbler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberaldad2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/odysseus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anjaspapa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ktthecarguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thubsch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shockthemonkey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ohdog22
https://www.dailykos.com/users/astronut
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cskendrick
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cagrammers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/free press
https://www.dailykos.com/users/athanase49
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tucson ghost
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ukprince46
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluedragon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kalevipoiss
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kate in the desert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lilybythesea
https://www.dailykos.com/users/barkbark
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tex andrews
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jibrille
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rambler797
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/doingbusinessas
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neuroguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gilacliff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/harwelltylerp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/speede18
https://www.dailykos.com/users/daddyo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/raboof
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nightflyer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dogs are fuzzy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/casual observer 2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oldgrouchyliberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skyounkin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/1320feet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/da rock
https://www.dailykos.com/users/philip munger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nmcb3299
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skepticalcitizen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kpdownes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joeknapp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lagertam
https://www.dailykos.com/users/captainlaser
https://www.dailykos.com/users/merrillfrank
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blank regina
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kamikazegerbil
https://www.dailykos.com/users/recluse
https://www.dailykos.com/users/metalgirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/just bob
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wwittman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hopeful
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ellid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rolypolyfishead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/63blkb4ce
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alonso del arte
https://www.dailykos.com/users/evolution
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dr z
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimb9999
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bassmaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dodgin es
https://www.dailykos.com/users/adamselene
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ledretter yad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hinoema01
https://www.dailykos.com/users/will the krill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jwc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fraktwitler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/miss b
https://www.dailykos.com/users/steve in oregon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mcdando
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2n10
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ontheleftcoast
https://www.dailykos.com/users/samsinister
https://www.dailykos.com/users/offy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hatrack
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jana
https://www.dailykos.com/users/obiwan711
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gawdawfuldays
https://www.dailykos.com/users/plaitmaker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gr8scottusa2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cal dem syd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tjlord
https://www.dailykos.com/users/black brant
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thishobbit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/audri
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the dead heart
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ptalbert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/donaldwindrip
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stupidsays
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ms cyn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/healthpolicywonk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nexwest
https://www.dailykos.com/users/minidriver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/co democrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stealthtffti
https://www.dailykos.com/users/my philosophy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stwriley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elliott
https://www.dailykos.com/users/outofdate
https://www.dailykos.com/users/colotim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/renarf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gagne
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fixitjc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dhaskoi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/navy vet terp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/m dog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dehrha02
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ownedbytwocats
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thinking fella
https://www.dailykos.com/users/goinfawr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/doctor who
https://www.dailykos.com/users/healejd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joehio
https://www.dailykos.com/users/amineri
https://www.dailykos.com/users/magnet48
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flatmotor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/explorer8939
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pines of rome
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rzuercher
https://www.dailykos.com/users/broken0
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluerall
https://www.dailykos.com/users/democrat in the south
https://www.dailykos.com/users/delilahjones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nickthegolfer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/delcodem76
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fiendishthingy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomocean
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wordene
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeremybloom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/caliron
https://www.dailykos.com/users/itzadryheat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/howlinhonky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oslyn7
https://www.dailykos.com/users/formergoper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/walterfoot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ticolensic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/magnetic corvette
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hamil
https://www.dailykos.com/users/talonw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trail rider
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sonnet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elpablo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bebo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bsfinkel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lincoln brigade
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gutenberg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lehmansterms
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mikeymikey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neblib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mdgluon16
https://www.dailykos.com/users/radicalink
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom weidermeijer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trisha dee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zman1527
https://www.dailykos.com/users/va6thdem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the greenmantle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mariposa06
https://www.dailykos.com/users/talmas
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arfeeto
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gvblackmoon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/committed
https://www.dailylocal.com/author/mike-ashmore/
https://www.dailykos.com/users/indysideswithblue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/glesslib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/moria
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2tellitlikeitis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/njheathen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pi meson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pool house doctor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rdnh8sthesystem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/friedbones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/docgonzo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eyeteeth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vetwife
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stuart shaffer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kuroneko
https://www.dailykos.com/users/outside protein
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flat ed
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cosmo666
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hellosf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tree33
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mtnclimber
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gbwing
https://www.dailykos.com/users/canyond
https://www.dailykos.com/users/calvinnme
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rod wright
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marlosan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ottobouvier
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kuka
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stephen wolf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stargate77
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomatkins
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arkdem14
https://www.dailykos.com/users/upstatenyer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kevinpolk9
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mski011
https://www.dailykos.com/users/goubears
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mark27
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sacman701
https://www.dailykos.com/users/iggysd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/colbycakes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/taget
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mtc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/adowling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dcbubble
https://www.dailykos.com/users/caspian88
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hilltopper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/staelis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jseal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/socialgenius1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/silvan elf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rtaylor352
https://www.dailykos.com/users/poopdogcomedy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andrewside89
https://www.dailykos.com/users/diesirae
https://www.dailykos.com/users/largo833
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gilmored55
https://www.dailykos.com/users/justin423
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the downballot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/phein53
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the%20downballot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/creade
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brian a
https://www.dailykos.com/users/adam b
https://www.dailykos.com/users/longviewmn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ovejanegra
https://www.dailykos.com/users/somchai
https://www.dailykos.com/users/heartnut
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gjgudm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mjw51295
https://www.dailykos.com/users/adventurist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gonzodon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/madisonian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/esquimaux
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wandering in samsara
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crazycatlady08
https://www.dailykos.com/users/khanenburg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david nir
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jinsequa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobstandard
https://www.dailykos.com/users/muellhe1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brisingamen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/unclecharlie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/progressivewhitedude
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mames5
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lenawee liberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/masford
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shiro17
https://www.dailykos.com/users/telephasic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/avenginggecko
https://www.dailykos.com/users/culturejammer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tigercourse
https://www.dailykos.com/users/savvyspy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kmp277
https://www.dailykos.com/users/demsign
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rtrhead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/withstand
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fuq fascism
https://www.dailykos.com/users/necturus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rationalthinking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/daily kos elections
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dcpatriot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jlms qkw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pademocrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mike in md
https://www.dailykos.com/users/coati
https://www.dailykos.com/users/buckeye73
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tominaz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mr rochester
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paleo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kingsweden
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ehstronghold
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dylan41
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dantedfl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/benamery21
https://www.dailykos.com/users/samara morgan dem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/proudnewenglander
https://www.dailykos.com/users/avedee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hirsch1946
https://www.dailykos.com/users/georgiadem78
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimmie88
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dragonfire5004
https://www.dailykos.com/users/passionatejus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/michaelny
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andrewmn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kingofspades
https://www.dailykos.com/users/doctorstrange
https://www.dailykos.com/users/safik
https://www.dailykos.com/users/madmojo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/martybooks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/awildlibappeared
https://www.dailykos.com/users/climatehawk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skaje
https://www.dailykos.com/users/urall5150
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jsphxdy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/judtee8
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mikey weinstein
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aashirs nani
https://www.dailykos.com/users/a pagan in arizona
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cohenzee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brillig
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chitown kev
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jekyllnhyde
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aka dr shoals
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theraindog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wavyhill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/side pocket
https://www.dailykos.com/users/operculum
https://www.dailykos.com/users/villanova rhodes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/warrens
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ammo hauler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/technomage
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dooey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/okiebyaccident
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wmdrpa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patmaker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fuzzybrain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tsutsa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dirobtx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/belinda ridgewood
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drsocmama
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lib dem fop
https://www.dailykos.com/users/itssimplesimon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/seab
https://www.dailykos.com/users/queenie3001
https://www.dailykos.com/users/slapshoe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/niterobin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yuck human kisses
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimnp72
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ironlotus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/diana in nova
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brianinca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/an englishman abroad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/northsylvania
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andrew f cockburn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nickyz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kurt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/boatwright
https://www.dailykos.com/users/futurecanadian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sue blue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/river rover
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bellla
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elbandidto
https://www.dailykos.com/users/besame
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wilderness voice
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom seaview
https://www.dailykos.com/users/domestic goddess
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marsanges
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elenacarlena
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oceandiver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/reppa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/steven park
https://www.dailykos.com/users/purple cones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clutch1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fromberkeleytocville
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chronologist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ynohtna
https://www.dailykos.com/users/orrg1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dskidoc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/michaelsmith110
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cookymonzta
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nomismat confero
https://www.dailykos.com/users/richthetraveler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sunbro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cassidy3
https://www.dailykos.com/users/turnip50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/news corpse
https://www.dailykos.com/users/antirove
https://www.dailykos.com/users/johnny wendell
https://www.dailykos.com/users/howardpelling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/prahapartizan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom 47
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marvyt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/carmeninvermont
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aureas2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whatsnuts
https://www.dailykos.com/users/texastom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fargosam
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kansas born
https://www.dailykos.com/users/inthecheapseats
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sockpuppet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/democratos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/swklmpc159
https://www.dailykos.com/users/indieguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/originalcinner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/littlesilver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimthegeek
https://www.dailykos.com/users/iamsmall
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wildirish
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yellowthroat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/naseweiss396
https://www.dailykos.com/users/l0rraine
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ddog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nonpassivevoice
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pencilpusher
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wolverinefortjataw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wheelsinsd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/limitreached
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chickenfarmerwood
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wirebender73
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chelmite
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lineatus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/knak
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rubonatwinkie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/suetheredwa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chairjoseph
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kenbee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trottel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mt41w
https://www.dailykos.com/users/palop
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alamancedem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ursis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/princessdecoco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/laurel in ca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ninetywt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grumpyoldgeek
https://www.dailykos.com/users/judge moonbox
https://www.dailykos.com/users/smithbry
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stonykill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rusticana
https://www.dailykos.com/users/supercabeese
https://www.dailykos.com/users/major kong
https://www.dailykos.com/users/weck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/knyght16
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tampaedski
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thesphynx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jl73
https://www.dailykos.com/users/scoutpaintmare
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/justmy2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jmdincali
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/a noah count
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mart
https://www.dailykos.com/users/firedupinca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jgt1900
https://www.dailykos.com/users/twingrace
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bmscott
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alyoshakaramazov
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skralyx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/itsbenj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marksb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thomhartmann
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pvtjarhead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joriela
https://www.dailykos.com/users/downtime
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spaceelevator
https://www.dailykos.com/users/amoverton
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gteach
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberalsloveamerica
https://www.dailykos.com/users/praesepe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elimunzuri
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rjlindey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/do not be slave to your amygdala
https://www.dailykos.com/users/looknorth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/calanbo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eric nelson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rrg3dav
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gaurang
https://www.dailykos.com/users/canadiankitty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nanook
https://www.dailykos.com/users/macrohound
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ironwoodedward
https://www.dailykos.com/users/washburnb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blacksheep1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nova land
https://www.dailykos.com/users/killjoytxinmi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/barrylasvegas
https://www.dailykos.com/users/curiousprime
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thewho
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jacksonbgood47
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kyivguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/babushka
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thinkoutsidethebox
https://www.dailykos.com/users/parthenia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arleychino
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tludvig
https://www.dailykos.com/users/composernan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pixxer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/waryliberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/odellden13
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zenbassoon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cmon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mindmatter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/phoenix rising
https://www.dailykos.com/users/amanda1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hikerguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rockymtnhigh
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ptressel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/seitan worshiper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/colo birddogs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/akmk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bumpa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/attack gardener
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bdbd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bridav58
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pigpaste
https://www.dailykos.com/users/llywrch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lesliedonsen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tobendaro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lovebuzz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marknc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david jarman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lynnekz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mdlibesq
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pissedgrunty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peanut9000
https://www.dailykos.com/users/samanthab
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bopamole
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skipppppp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/unthinkable
https://www.dailykos.com/users/avoicefromthemiddle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wesvolk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bebop loco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bleeding blue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quarter incher
https://www.dailykos.com/users/youhavetovoteforoneofus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/karl rover
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zack from the sfv
https://www.dailykos.com/users/camus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/just saying
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ozarkblue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nonlinear
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jfromga
https://www.dailykos.com/users/queerist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluewabash
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bill blondeau
https://www.dailykos.com/users/captbli
https://www.dailykos.com/users/perckyphat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluecrabby
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jph102
https://www.dailykos.com/users/golden owl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rexxmama
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jason of argo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hagarwood
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chrisrodda
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cybermindgrrl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jaimehlers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shrshr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/battling maxo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mej
https://www.dailykos.com/users/inkstainedwretch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nehill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/x15gal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeffersonian democrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/moodindigo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shamballajones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/farwestgirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bakeneko
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sisterskeeper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/throw the bums out
https://www.dailykos.com/users/t maysle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grannyct
https://www.dailykos.com/users/occams hatchet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/linkage
https://www.dailykos.com/users/luvset
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dlarsen263
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ragingviking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/1bq
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobby richardson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/angela marx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spn09
https://www.dailykos.com/users/greginvt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cpr4life
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gaelsdottir
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elle navorski
https://www.dailykos.com/users/athenap
https://www.dailykos.com/users/valuddite
https://www.dailykos.com/users/madlibrarian9
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shebardigan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bose1969
https://www.dailykos.com/users/annieli
https://www.dailykos.com/users/charlesii
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lmb02
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rennie petersen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jjohnjj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sepiasiren
https://www.dailykos.com/users/beadlady
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jas popeye 
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joseph hariel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chartreuxe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stevelco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dimondcutter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/prisonernumbersix
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peptabysmal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/themike
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oldupperwestsideliberaljew
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spancos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shellz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flammarian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paz3
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kellyb2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cicada83
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hamtaro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/echriss
https://www.dailykos.com/users/estreya
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grabber by the heel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fury
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kurious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fafner1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blumominredst
https://www.dailykos.com/users/raygene
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blastrock
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mage11an
https://www.dailykos.com/users/annikaqed
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rugbymom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wrayne
https://www.dailykos.com/users/binkley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mstaken
https://www.dailykos.com/users/capitbull
https://www.dailykos.com/users/b3llsb33r
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cooperjubilee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/demoscat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gorilla patriot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/william griffin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/urbeautiful
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ordy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/weisja4
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ocean rain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cstudio1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/desert scientist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maudlin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/done that
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cyberlady1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aluminati
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wiljam
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mike101
https://www.dailykos.com/users/k s lavida
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zoern
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jfriesne
https://www.dailykos.com/users/padremellyrn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/majora
https://www.dailykos.com/users/benbanks82
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pooter03
https://www.dailykos.com/users/desert rain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eng2018
https://www.dailykos.com/users/torta
https://www.dailykos.com/users/revjoe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/voidstuff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pkgoode
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sageblue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/u4riah
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dmhlt 66
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tmseattle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mauipat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mercy ormont
https://www.dailykos.com/users/madscientist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chemengineer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/baby seal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lex lurker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dewtx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/denver11
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dbcoe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ktoz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nellycat1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/santarosalib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alexey vlasenko
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dadadata
https://www.dailykos.com/users/democratic initiatives
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pitbullgirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/michaelrogers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lady courtney
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cegrantham
https://www.dailykos.com/users/herky nav
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patrick walsh
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pizzaconnection
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andrew s
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mjranum
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clio2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mikiesurfs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/youffraita
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patriotinnj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/us on a bus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thegaikotsu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wvmcl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/frank l palmer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rmdf1949
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomstrong678
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ethrid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/55steelhead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/irenaeus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/t joad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cronezilla
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ca libertarian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ronald england
https://www.dailykos.com/users/things come undone
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whitroth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mathy kathy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sanityisagoodthing
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hodges
https://www.dailykos.com/users/exia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jerseygirlproud
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kimmyd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rainjustrain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/don dumitru
https://www.dailykos.com/users/g2geek
https://www.dailykos.com/users/johnb47
https://www.dailykos.com/users/foreign agitator
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bradfnord
https://www.dailykos.com/users/agnessue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ps42
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peterhug
https://www.dailykos.com/users/permaman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/a freeman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rickap
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sidnora
https://www.dailykos.com/users/strawbale
https://www.dailykos.com/users/scoffling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/violalib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/khaavren
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hanging up my tusks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crashing vor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/baddogg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bhowell
https://www.dailykos.com/users/had3
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shockwave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/polecat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/amphis baena
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gizmo59
https://www.dailykos.com/users/disregard101
https://www.dailykos.com/users/richm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/admanager
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bunkerhobbit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nestmaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/john poet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cathym
https://www.dailykos.com/users/riverofthewest
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quiet thought
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cs85b03
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimmr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/randym77
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the blue redneck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dave the wave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dea
https://www.dailykos.com/users/herbilly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/missys brother
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fishoutofwater
https://www.dailykos.com/users/little lulu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dan k
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chriscal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zoom314
https://www.dailykos.com/users/culhwtch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/north of you
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cynic in seattle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/amygdala
https://www.dailykos.com/users/siab
https://www.dailykos.com/users/onomastic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/proginoskes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joeschmeaux
https://www.dailykos.com/users/environmentalist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/perlinator
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hughjimbasile
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zenmaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/doc savage
https://www.dailykos.com/users/annb713
https://www.dailykos.com/users/biogeneticsgirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quaoar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/22 trucks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crsellars
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alien g
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jayden
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sandy on signal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/firesideman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wyoming native
https://www.dailykos.com/users/allseeingi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kgb hates us
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robert dobbs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rieux
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cecil d c serpent
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dbhart
https://www.dailykos.com/users/takesake
https://www.dailykos.com/users/johnathanswiss
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rocketjsquirrel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/queenmargot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2curious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/not dead yet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bourne2bmild
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bigirish310
https://www.dailykos.com/users/emily at activate iowa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arnie6
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wiganboy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/looksatsmallthings
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cbum
https://www.dailykos.com/users/slimsan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/remontant
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mattakar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pogoatty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crystaline
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rslack
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ericy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yunohu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gemina13
https://www.dailykos.com/users/avoidamnesia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/opoponax
https://www.dailykos.com/users/progressive democrats of america
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dreamstone
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pontious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zemblan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bulldozer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bradley15
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bayareaken
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neznamo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kaiming
https://www.dailykos.com/users/greatpumpkin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jwgarman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wreck smurfy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drdiva
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bevvycrocker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/teej
https://www.dailykos.com/users/victor vicious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/demgem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/messagingmatters
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sdsuprof
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dlsamson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/toad road
https://www.dailykos.com/users/suzeli
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leftangler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/biloxiblues
https://www.dailykos.com/users/apeshi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/burt68
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pirxis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeopardydd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/new rule
https://www.dailykos.com/users/3 little birds
https://www.dailykos.com/users/millegrazie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2wontanabe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/azureblue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bugtuzzle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wisvoter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/exlrrp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mmacdde
https://www.dailykos.com/users/accumbens
https://www.dailykos.com/users/satanicpanic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/overtherainbow
https://www.dailykos.com/users/integritymatters
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dawhip
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dcnblues
https://www.dailykos.com/users/truebluemajority
https://www.dailykos.com/users/albertrules
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ralfmaximus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/keybeater
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marckyle64
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pat horn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lambros
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maynardgkrebs45
https://www.dailykos.com/users/boran2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sgoff123
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mulltank
https://www.dailykos.com/users/adamw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paganteacher
https://www.dailykos.com/users/darthstar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peter71
https://www.dailykos.com/users/strobusguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/two swords
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anakai
https://www.dailykos.com/users/foot of pride
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mother mags
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elizawhig1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/davidsfr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sfbob
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dfh1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2manchu88
https://www.dailykos.com/users/40grit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sfinx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/genuinemoderate
https://www.dailykos.com/users/erilaz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/goodness gracious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/essmeier
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hijean
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dresoteric
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ithinkoutloud
https://www.dailykos.com/users/examined
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alumbrados
https://www.dailykos.com/users/niemann
https://www.dailykos.com/users/slampros
https://www.dailykos.com/users/meinoregon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/isthisnametaken
https://www.dailykos.com/users/misskt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/monamongoose
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rebel ga
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lpeacock
https://www.dailykos.com/users/edgee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patricia13
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fogcityjohn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mabon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pomona belvedere
https://www.dailykos.com/users/carstonio
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alex morales
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hellebor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/euro yank
https://www.dailykos.com/users/happy camper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wesmorgan1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rightcoastbest
https://www.dailykos.com/users/estebon23
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blueoregon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/meteor blades
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tekno2600
https://www.dailykos.com/users/monsieur georges
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thursdaymorning
https://www.dailykos.com/users/northwatch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lincoln green
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lemay50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rflctammt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mstep
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sixty something
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nailbanger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/johnvausa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ecortez
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ian reifowitz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cwalter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mcgovern78
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ro37
https://www.dailykos.com/users/seraph4377
https://www.dailykos.com/users/commander ogg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brother brown
https://www.dailykos.com/users/javax2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eater
https://www.dailykos.com/users/manofnocountry
https://www.dailykos.com/users/buffan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cvreeken
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hklimeck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tamar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dave in columbus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bullfox
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cheryljj4
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jake formerly of the lp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/a citizen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elwood dowd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dbutch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fischfry
https://www.dailykos.com/users/onionjim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aurora wakes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/silverspear
https://www.dailykos.com/users/doncoolidge
https://www.dailykos.com/users/714day
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jr6020
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sottovoce
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bc in illinois
https://www.dailykos.com/users/winerev
https://www.dailykos.com/users/louisp08003
https://www.dailykos.com/users/franceco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shootmyownfood
https://www.dailykos.com/users/centsmaker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kamachanda
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shmuelman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shalonabena
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wynter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tmerritt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/relatavistic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/j m meister
https://www.dailykos.com/users/delver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/missourilefty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rumsfeldresign
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bronxintn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pasuburbdem1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hoosierinvegas
https://www.dailykos.com/users/glaisne
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ericaz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/captain frogbert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/heat42
https://www.dailykos.com/users/qazplm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leftleaner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/girasol
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dalbert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thesheeple
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimm523
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rlcornelius
https://www.dailykos.com/users/therapy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tb50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trumpeter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/funkabilly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/libera nos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/deathbysalad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/seekca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/knaveofswords
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fredrikcoulter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nvmrt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/4katydid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tripinva
https://www.dailykos.com/users/badwolffe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/no more
https://www.dailykos.com/users/plecop
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bowmanaman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/betty lou
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thehecticdialectic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bilboteach
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pimin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vuld edone
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cminus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/republicankos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/duckman gr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/psnyder
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sts069
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skillet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trickyviking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rented mule
https://www.dailykos.com/users/slideman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberal thinking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/philip s wenz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/privateice
https://www.dailykos.com/users/medman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/handsomemaggie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/phish phillet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kyoto kid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/george b
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joniworx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dopey conqueror
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ferris buehler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kennliana
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jay cuasay
https://www.dailykos.com/users/krafty1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blue cat in ma
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peajay22
https://www.dailykos.com/users/terrynicholetti
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jmr2016
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oldtim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ephemeralnotion
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mkgirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theparadox
https://www.dailykos.com/users/digsindirt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bigd145
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drlou
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shhrz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobs telecaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hasman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sulla
https://www.dailykos.com/users/justinq78
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rhodeislandaspie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rsimon1205
https://www.dailykos.com/users/word is bond
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theshadowknows
https://www.dailykos.com/users/polarbear2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/corpflunky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zezee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ralphdog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wytcld
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alf513
https://www.dailykos.com/users/go ukraine
https://www.dailykos.com/users/engineerscotty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/livosh1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grumpyprog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/daveinbremerton
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fffflats
https://www.dailykos.com/users/angloviking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/junglelanddan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/plasspectre
https://www.dailykos.com/users/laniusx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/datalinker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/idjutknownothing
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lgmcp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/churchill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kangaroo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theflairrick21
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kj in missouri
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thecriticalmind
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bpartr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/katakana
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dkosdan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whenwego
https://www.dailykos.com/users/metzomagic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/akalib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roby nj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aequaliter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lobachevsky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hersco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/deakle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/notsure
https://www.dailykos.com/users/circle r
https://www.dailykos.com/users/libby shaw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/virle delphic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oldsaltnco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pengcognito
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wilkerd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/just ju
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thinking dem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/franklinstein
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dawnbroadbent
https://www.dailykos.com/users/justfixit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bassman2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uncle tom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/olivia stabler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hobiecataz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sisrosettastone 
https://www.dailykos.com/users/albert levy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maddylynn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/luv2phish
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crazycab214
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jqjacobs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/isaly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/potteryfan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/enoch ro0t
https://www.dailykos.com/users/badgeralum
https://www.dailykos.com/users/halfbaked
https://www.dailykos.com/users/smertrossiya
https://www.dailykos.com/users/holocron
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roddy mccorley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/knute heimdall
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dge
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sedrocks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bakhmut
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vespasian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roadrunner49
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dbender
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maydon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ghostofbastiat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/schaedenfreude
https://www.dailykos.com/users/otherjayz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nuketeacher
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arcanedave2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobeau
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jnklemmbornindc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/too shy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/augustcat50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/connor maccleod
https://www.dailykos.com/users/davidrives
https://www.dailykos.com/users/citixen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dixiedemocrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/weberlm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/morris22
https://www.dailykos.com/users/johnrhoffman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/demrising
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jazzpublicist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wmpmacm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/keeping them honest
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pretzelal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dressageman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nitestik
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oxley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nhtim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thxforbeer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quasitrue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/swizzle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/average old democrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uniprober
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kk55
https://www.dailykos.com/users/frank in wa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/taku oholasni
https://www.dailykos.com/users/not so sirius
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jimatkins
https://www.dailykos.com/users/f u rwnj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/charles jay
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jakewaters
https://www.dailykos.com/users/northern pol
https://www.dailykos.com/users/timg831
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leftie gunner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/we must have hope
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ii v i
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rfhusker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/terranova108
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clarkson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/little big zebra
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marvinmartian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ex gopper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maxentropy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/salig
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cinepost
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mikephoenix
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eva dyan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nearlynormal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kaliope
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mrvmartn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fred the wonder dog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/suburbanviking
https://www.dailykos.com/users/splainme
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ruus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gknight
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mchalupa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/griffon8
https://www.dailykos.com/users/out there
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kv450
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jake bodhi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/upstate nyawker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/benttoenail
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gbreakey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mainstreet52
https://www.dailykos.com/users/karl dubhe v
https://www.dailykos.com/users/witgren
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mirukr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whheydt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/highonthehill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dgm42
https://www.dailykos.com/users/macadavyca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/irelandcalling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ca cokz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maynard g krebs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/invanz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/easong
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bayareaprog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tovan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ichibon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/starchs
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hopefulenigma90
https://www.dailykos.com/users/giddy thing
https://www.dailykos.com/users/picmover
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chandrea
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lamontcranston
https://www.dailykos.com/users/owl06
https://www.dailykos.com/users/front toward enemy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/high5
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fredlucky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stuffin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/angelbird
https://www.dailykos.com/users/candra
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bongodave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/magistra56
https://www.dailykos.com/users/justgreenleaf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drboboped
https://www.dailykos.com/users/njman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/evrgreen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gmadoll789
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anniepotts2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tukonai
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blayman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flannelguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mnpundit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fooooooooocus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zeusspeaks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thumper64
https://www.dailykos.com/users/truthatlast
https://www.dailykos.com/users/franklyn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/certainot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gdreadradio
https://www.dailykos.com/users/matt z
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brian dopke
https://www.dailykos.com/users/excalibur27
https://www.dailykos.com/users/xaxnar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/khun david
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stlouistrekkieagainstdonaldtrump
https://www.dailykos.com/users/philspeed
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trpchicago
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bman108
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marking time
https://www.dailykos.com/users/she the technocrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/usuallytactless
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jazzed
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chgobob
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david5372
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bier4u
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jady
https://www.dailykos.com/users/john in denver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gratuitous
https://www.dailykos.com/users/professor1215
https://www.dailykos.com/users/edwinf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/notsonew
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sp2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ltpowers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/criticaldsj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/economaniac
https://www.dailykos.com/users/diderotwasright
https://www.dailykos.com/users/attorneyt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/riff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/beano
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anotheroklahoman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/namey mcnameface
https://www.dailykos.com/users/notofascism
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andybanda
https://www.dailykos.com/users/suppress the vote works
https://www.dailykos.com/users/artemsia2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/not taken
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leeanng1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zoel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nytewynd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ohiolibrarian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rigormortis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/radical moderate
https://www.dailykos.com/users/writerguy00
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stlawrence
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eholburt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/na zdrowia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lemojoust
https://www.dailykos.com/users/frankmupstatesc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/catte nappe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/istvan13
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberalchristian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/philip blagg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andyt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stewartm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/curiouscat8
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jsmagid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/john chapman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/poppy ones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/noel bodie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/5dollarbill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bctdcfd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sabientouset
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rudib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dajoebabe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/r rugosa alba
https://www.dailykos.com/users/macham
https://www.dailykos.com/users/notwalkingin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leftcoast ron 
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patmcdowell
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hamptonroadsprogressive
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bat moshe shimon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dapperbadger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jennifer lee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kerry eleveld
https://www.dailykos.com/users/psychusa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tx freethinker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mnfarmerson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/apauledinnj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nyvegan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/martym
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david54
https://www.dailykos.com/users/girlgoalie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mama jo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theoptimist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patrick ford
https://www.dailykos.com/users/querqeekid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/carl spackler
https://www.dailykos.com/users/operadals
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mcawu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/woodstocknative
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mlwalton13
https://www.dailykos.com/users/allm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/reedly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mungley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uptownbro41
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bassicdave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wolfound
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cadavra
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dcnw
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sharondonovan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cawfeemug
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eastsidebill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dbug
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pedrito
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stellaray
https://www.dailykos.com/users/matching mole
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ramblindave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zapus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bahiakinogene
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jerseydevil
https://www.dailykos.com/users/evan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/back of bourke
https://www.dailykos.com/users/s f hippie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/felix
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kirok
https://www.dailykos.com/users/soaringhawk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/save our country
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fredmonger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/egamaunt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nottobeseenagain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/limeyexpatdave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lilstevieblunder
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeff danziger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/professor wagstaff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mymy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wizbing
https://www.dailykos.com/users/boogmyster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sparky81884
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pcb2020
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brigitfocusonlanguagescom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david krupp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pantone2583c
https://www.dailykos.com/users/munchkn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dumptherump
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jamesgang1950
https://www.dailykos.com/users/news606
https://www.dailykos.com/users/warrenpease
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peterjtaylor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anthony h in ky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/glass dolphins
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jazzmaniac
https://www.dailykos.com/users/california flower
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rftulie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/beatbort
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joe burns
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mnbmj56
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blue gold and green
https://www.dailykos.com/users/woodsywizz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/murphy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nelsonlp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/scott3460
https://www.dailykos.com/users/estefano
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sullynyc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jomac
https://www.dailykos.com/users/natty bumpo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tictic26
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fencepost
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jts327
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jsteve7
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nance
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ko62
https://www.dailykos.com/users/teacher elspeth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kkhouser
https://www.dailykos.com/users/langcow
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dragonfly wings
https://www.dailykos.com/users/j dos passos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paperbackwriter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gman22
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pthompso99
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cheminmd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/folkman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sleepybear
https://www.dailykos.com/users/captwho
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leslie in ky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cinzialeft
https://www.dailykos.com/users/davidbooks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ellarwee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grumpynerd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/excessivelyperky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/armadillo17
https://www.dailykos.com/users/touchstone farm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grandma ada
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nanoot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/naturist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/snowball2015
https://www.dailykos.com/users/david michigan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dblhawk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/haikuzakos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jjsheely
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bornblonde
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rhauenstein
https://www.dailykos.com/users/angryoldwhiteman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the lone apple
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leeb29
https://www.dailykos.com/users/therealcervantes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rolandz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dmarkwind
https://www.dailykos.com/users/raymichael
https://www.dailykos.com/users/workinjoe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mycomputermachine
https://www.dailykos.com/users/timmethy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/noah andersen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mareng
https://www.dailykos.com/users/no straight lines
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neon mama
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lawboy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/susanr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ivabign
https://www.dailykos.com/users/artemrss
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gregg fritchle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jen sorensen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/billgaye
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lorenmyrealname
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stratocruiser
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mint flavored toothpaste
https://www.dailykos.com/users/giovannigiorgio
https://www.dailykos.com/users/albiion
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kevword
https://www.dailykos.com/users/casey570
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kirbydog9
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blondiebumstead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/newfie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/priceofcivilization
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cal worthington
https://www.dailykos.com/users/judeling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/max wyvern
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hello1814
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wizdame
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aaron sheffield
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tunk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/utliberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uhoohaa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/seedycharacter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sean robertson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grammaroo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robpos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomkoontz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/urban space cowboy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/azkyroth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/egghead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/knogo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lallen56
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thestral
https://www.dailykos.com/users/patrioticallyincorrect
https://www.dailykos.com/users/josterberg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/woubbie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/treehuggeralways
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jessica sutherland
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lawnyny
https://www.dailykos.com/users/onenotrump
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sninkypoo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cannedpeaches
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lunacy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jplanner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pelakh
https://www.dailykos.com/users/merckx155
https://www.dailykos.com/users/njniceguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tjoad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arlene
https://www.dailykos.com/users/steep rain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sierramimi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nate42
https://www.dailykos.com/users/evail
https://www.dailykos.com/users/arachnid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nikki4me
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pedestrianrage
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jdf2144
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stoshman42
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rex freedom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/harley atl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dancing frog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marinainwonderland
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pj3lk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dalek caiomhin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spacecadet1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skookum
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mortimersnerd
https://www.dailykos.com/users/cbuchan3
https://www.dailykos.com/users/zeeksmom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jazzpotato
https://www.dailykos.com/users/smaneck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/will smirk 4 food
https://www.dailykos.com/users/canjinak
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vatoloco
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neon neo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/andrew4815
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thuprof
https://www.dailykos.com/users/perry the imp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stlmoz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kentkangley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/axiomatic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lovewinsalways
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jmauro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/r nathan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gmoke
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sidedore
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marshwiggle
https://www.dailykos.com/users/achris
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom tomorrow
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dharmakid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/citizenpauldo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/coconut heads
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tombradleyjr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/timay11
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ordinaryiowan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/man from wasichustan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/loca grienga
https://www.dailykos.com/users/iaindon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mister troy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/iregyre
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wosec
https://www.dailykos.com/users/left middle right
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oh heck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/glenna mason
https://www.dailykos.com/users/enemy of the people
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flycaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jcmbn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clutch cargo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bruce the moose
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bernardsnatager
https://www.dailykos.com/users/averagemoron
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alienobserver 
https://www.dailykos.com/users/magnifico
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bigjacbigjacbigjac
https://www.dailykos.com/users/floridasnmom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/franks human
https://www.dailykos.com/users/muddy boots
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nowhere man
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dano2l
https://www.dailykos.com/users/murphoney
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ernest t bass
https://www.dailykos.com/users/al dorado
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mtmofo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yet another liberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/free jazz at high noon
https://www.dailykos.com/users/motherlover
https://www.dailykos.com/users/walter%20einenkel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jon broholm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeff y
https://www.dailykos.com/users/i saw an old tree today
https://www.dailykos.com/users/troffelmasse
https://www.dailykos.com/users/neillos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/george in marin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/makemnoiga
https://www.dailykos.com/users/twoowls
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tulsagal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bob love
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nebulous
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theodenthengling
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ct yankee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/conniptionfit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jules mcgee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/serenarose
https://www.dailykos.com/users/simple mind
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jds1978
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jgbm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dirk mcquigley
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gurnt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sparko
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mumbles
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rgbyref
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ilovebats
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rusty sword of truth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rightfowl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rspaulson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grimzby
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom fulery
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gadthefly
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dannyboy0802
https://www.dailykos.com/users/raelerin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/harrythefrog
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blueismycolor123
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kashani
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clarkkent46
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rkief
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bartskid1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ukulelegeek
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rheabob56
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tractorman1946
https://www.dailykos.com/users/iamanamericangirl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/underhisblood
https://www.dailykos.com/users/confirmedliberal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mike martell
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paul1640
https://www.dailykos.com/users/judyfine2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pastorjo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nutmeg4sunshine
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alterfrau
https://www.dailykos.com/users/xonic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/msirt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paulycus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ninalyn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tln41
https://www.dailykos.com/users/we had a socialist mayor once
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pgctg141
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fatherchronica
https://www.dailykos.com/users/citrine2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/suzycc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rls1959
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nomojoe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quilla
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rknrobin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tjonben
https://www.dailykos.com/users/barneydogg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dandy lion
https://www.dailykos.com/users/genehomme
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mark sumner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robbinsdale radical
https://www.dailykos.com/users/albanius
https://www.dailykos.com/users/danarheaelliott
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tangento
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sarkazein
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kraigo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/caoimhin laochdha
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gater2112
https://www.dailykos.com/users/phscott
https://www.dailykos.com/users/quartzglen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dillonfence
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sasquatchian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spinozasghost
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maximilien robespierre
https://www.dailykos.com/users/worldb3
https://www.dailykos.com/users/calcougar71
https://www.dailykos.com/users/isny
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pianoguy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lightfoot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robert norman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/livingontop
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kscowboy
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tan in colorado
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ladybug53
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tarhealian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jmlambion
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomtech
https://www.dailykos.com/users/my2petpeeves
https://www.dailykos.com/users/poalcat51
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mrclass
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the19th
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chokingsmoker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/morgansmom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the bassweasel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/a dc wonk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lolsilently
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dsc on the plateau
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rando calrissian
https://www.dailykos.com/users/obeymybrain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/asterlil
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oropendola
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberal granny
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bubbasan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/laurence lewis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skeeb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/marko the werelynx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pepper56
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the grouch
https://www.dailykos.com/users/randomnonviolence
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gardnerhill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/treg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/michael helwig
https://www.dailykos.com/users/frank1030
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mrrumpy 1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chinton
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kavonekim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/piratecafe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/centerline
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ldjfm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dancesonpedal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/scott gm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mokurai
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chloris creator
https://www.dailykos.com/users/2thanks
https://www.dailykos.com/users/edward song
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mimer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/carla in sequim
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kromaticat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/getting1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/niftywriter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dna2rna
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maru
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stolibien09
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stadams
https://www.dailykos.com/users/flyingsolo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mamalucia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eternal hope
https://www.dailykos.com/users/abinold
https://www.dailykos.com/users/walja
https://www.dailykos.com/users/oldowl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pony girl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tomazulob
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hiker395
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grtman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/randallt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/aznaturegrrrl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/buzzbomb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sweeetbbj
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trista987
https://www.dailykos.com/users/viking girl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/little bozo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vancouverprof
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lcork
https://www.dailykos.com/users/denverredhead
https://www.dailykos.com/users/prairiecrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/angryea
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sidart
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bob80
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wmspringer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/prince lotor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/freemark
https://www.dailykos.com/users/joejoe00
https://www.dailykos.com/users/b12love
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bballad
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yojo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bring the lions
https://www.dailykos.com/users/agoldnyc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/1toughlady
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kath lake
https://www.dailykos.com/users/frankfaiola
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mizzambo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/decisivemoment
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hokeysmoke
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rndm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/riogrande
https://www.dailykos.com/users/electricinnm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mr meaner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/thewavethatiam
https://www.dailykos.com/users/the katwoman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/toddbc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maxsmart
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wombat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tko333
https://www.dailykos.com/users/castine
https://www.dailykos.com/users/martin huggins
https://www.dailykos.com/users/notusuallyhere
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bartcopfan
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blackgrannyrising
https://www.dailykos.com/users/daydreamsteve
https://www.dailykos.com/users/spur011
https://www.dailykos.com/users/keepers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sushma
https://www.dailykos.com/users/plinythewelder
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jay b
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rightiswrong
https://www.dailykos.com/users/saint stephen
https://www.dailykos.com/users/madcitysailor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/citydem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yerausername
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fogbelter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roxy47
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mechanicrn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/everythingbagel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jhecht
https://www.dailykos.com/users/master foo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/south park democrat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bherner
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maohsama
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bolinotoyou
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pignacious
https://www.dailykos.com/users/viper68
https://www.dailykos.com/users/diffrntdrummr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/leonr
https://www.dailykos.com/users/keepiru
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jodem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clinicallabscientist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/danfitz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/billyzero
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alx9090
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tspvilca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bob quick
https://www.dailykos.com/users/7027a
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kerry%20eleveld
https://www.dailykos.com/users/northbronxdem
https://www.dailykos.com/users/davedave
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pikimoosa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/highacidity
https://www.dailykos.com/users/batmanishere
https://www.dailykos.com/users/yexafa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mimi50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/efishras
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wishingwell
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uncle pichel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lendrick
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/texmex
https://www.dailykos.com/users/anthonymac123
https://www.dailykos.com/users/douglash
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drshatterhand
https://www.dailykos.com/users/carolr51
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whig
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stringfold
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ctmet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bryyce
https://www.dailykos.com/users/daisydo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jennat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kib
https://www.dailykos.com/users/worthington
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tempus figits
https://www.dailykos.com/users/malachite
https://www.dailykos.com/users/godetia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/indyglenn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jhogg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lover of chris squire for you
https://www.dailykos.com/users/javamanny
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drdoom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nonamegiven2020
https://www.dailykos.com/users/todgermanica
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dhl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rob zuber
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robertbre
https://www.dailykos.com/users/noahvale
https://www.dailykos.com/users/loonielefty
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sebastian trump
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bronx59
https://www.dailykos.com/users/organicus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dogperson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ky hemp dude
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mrasor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dryeyes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bettykit
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mark wallace
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bettyb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/homegrown
https://www.dailykos.com/users/j graham
https://www.dailykos.com/users/illu
https://www.dailykos.com/users/davidsites
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wanda jones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/echoleft
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shagnaski
https://www.dailykos.com/users/it only hurts when you ask me about it
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sickandtiredagain
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chrish982
https://www.dailykos.com/users/timber
https://www.dailykos.com/users/guianaman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hatrax
https://www.dailykos.com/users/randyronning
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rognm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gruffmusic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/crunch22
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alienbarbers
https://www.dailykos.com/users/armcavtrooper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/inkdreamer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lilyvt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kamrom
https://www.dailykos.com/users/immutable crow
https://www.dailykos.com/users/southernpearl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gonzoid54
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trfdrprogressive
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sfg1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/subtropolis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/holajola
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wu ming
https://www.dailykos.com/users/black maned pensator
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lcjinroslynpa
https://www.dailykos.com/users/profrobert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fineiore ceanniethe
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hamilcarbarca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/solar10
https://www.dailykos.com/users/martinhughes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/grand wazoo
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bobpiper
https://www.dailykos.com/users/buffalo2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blaze17
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robaire
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wensiensheng
https://www.dailykos.com/users/alext
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sarahweinberger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/roaches
https://www.dailykos.com/users/louisprandtl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sandoval
https://www.dailykos.com/users/h3imdall
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lenl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tisirin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/forest gardener
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jesse 66
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tedgack
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tootsfpootin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whip of christ
https://www.dailykos.com/users/skipm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/moretownperson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wind off the lake
https://www.dailykos.com/users/srf2022
https://www.dailykos.com/users/4wildhorses
https://www.dailykos.com/users/abydenus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kingtutt
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sundaytrucker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hedhnter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/belyn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bryduck
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eddie baby
https://www.dailykos.com/users/this is only a test
https://www.dailykos.com/users/conservative socialist
https://www.dailykos.com/users/synchro
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rncox
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tzimisce
https://www.dailykos.com/users/wi lurker
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluesophie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeremy moses
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nancyjones
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeffminich
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vince ca
https://www.dailykos.com/users/winstonsmith1984
https://www.dailykos.com/users/black knight
https://www.dailykos.com/users/colorado blue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kmc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/silence
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ninkasi23
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mr41
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kiss my left behind
https://www.dailykos.com/users/whiskyjack
https://www.dailykos.com/users/moai
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dicksdive
https://www.dailykos.com/users/musicsleuth
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jepalmrose8
https://www.dailykos.com/users/statmman2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bluebern
https://www.dailykos.com/users/magster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/avoicefromeurope
https://www.dailykos.com/users/rostar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uberbot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sailor50
https://www.dailykos.com/users/voteforthefuture
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hakuchi
https://www.dailykos.com/users/chopperqc
https://www.dailykos.com/users/corneliusathertontozer
https://www.dailykos.com/users/djpid
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gmford
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tdinstl
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ivansk
https://www.dailykos.com/users/markm65
https://www.dailykos.com/users/asak
https://www.dailykos.com/users/danysdragons
https://www.dailykos.com/users/palewriter
https://www.dailykos.com/users/peterhoot
https://www.dailykos.com/users/pearldiver
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jbuttah
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ljychn
https://www.dailykos.com/users/z51xfire
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jeff1234
https://www.dailykos.com/users/slidinghome
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lickbush
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dobber
https://www.dailykos.com/users/trespekes
https://www.dailykos.com/users/g contractor
https://www.dailykos.com/users/klwhite
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nobikiniatoll
https://www.dailykos.com/users/phatkhat
https://www.dailykos.com/users/drui
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sirensharp
https://www.dailykos.com/users/uosdwis
https://www.dailykos.com/users/odenthal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/conky
https://www.dailykos.com/users/papadoug
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ericf
https://www.dailykos.com/users/vtagate
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brabc1
https://www.dailykos.com/users/va gal
https://www.dailykos.com/users/realrick
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dgiant17
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jstjeff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/istmtg
https://www.dailykos.com/users/msobel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sfmikey
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jacstorm
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gnabss
https://www.dailykos.com/users/shivashankar
https://www.dailykos.com/users/freshforged
https://www.dailykos.com/users/britgray
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gratefuldread
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ebersocats
https://www.dailykos.com/users/stuffer101
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eyesoars
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mohistory2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/theide
https://www.dailykos.com/users/captaindunsel
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jdlestina
https://www.dailykos.com/users/al b tross
https://www.dailykos.com/users/method init
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hollowdweller
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fred5399
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blue state 68
https://www.dailykos.com/users/teresahill
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sgkos
https://www.dailykos.com/users/liberal older lady
https://www.dailykos.com/users/bennycaleb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tony situ
https://www.dailykos.com/users/len chaitin
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ccaissie
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robertenders
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jtk0403
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nhf7170
https://www.dailykos.com/users/brian ee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/kansasmagic
https://www.dailykos.com/users/charleytx
https://www.dailykos.com/users/friendlystranger
https://www.dailykos.com/users/subir
https://www.dailykos.com/users/heathlander
https://www.dailykos.com/users/inantalya
https://www.dailykos.com/users/tom j
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lefty coaster
https://www.dailykos.com/users/robert naiman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/elishastephens
https://www.dailykos.com/users/mettle fatigue
https://www.dailykos.com/users/victoria albert
https://www.dailykos.com/users/clean freak
https://www.dailykos.com/users/jgibson
https://www.dailykos.com/users/noodles
https://www.dailykos.com/users/sesselbedemille
https://www.dailykos.com/users/highstakesbet
https://www.dailykos.com/users/fed chairman
https://www.dailykos.com/users/digitusimpudicus
https://www.dailykos.com/users/edgar46
https://www.dailykos.com/users/maggiejean
https://www.dailykos.com/users/nannyboz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dretutz
https://www.dailykos.com/users/eeff
https://www.dailykos.com/users/blue aardvark
https://www.dailykos.com/users/morrellwi1983
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ian douglas rushlau
https://www.dailykos.com/users/ranglinlover2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/debtorsprison
https://www.dailykos.com/users/lafeminista
https://www.dailykos.com/users/paulineb
https://www.dailykos.com/users/gchaucer2
https://www.dailykos.com/users/hullshape
https://www.dailykos.com/users/obsidia
https://www.dailykos.com/users/dougiegee
https://www.dailykos.com/users/luckylizard
https://www.dailykos.com/users/djchefron
https://www.dailykos.com/users/faithgardner
